---
title: General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
description: GDPR docs.microsoft.com.
ms.topic: article
layout: ContentPage
ms.openlocfilehash: 404e4ccc5cb1d791fb46afc81c7d9b7bc656121c
ms.sourcegitcommit: 6925c5b4ad2faff22d877acd2e07e09d289b5507
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: en-MY
ms.lasthandoff: 06/05/2020
ms.locfileid: "77570475"
---
# <a name="microsofts-gdpr-commitments-to-customers-of-our-generally-available-enterprise-software-products"></a><span data-ttu-id="d8193-103">Microsoft’s GDPR Commitments to Customers of our Generally Available Enterprise Software Products</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8193-103">Microsoft’s GDPR Commitments to Customers of our Generally Available Enterprise Software Products</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d8193-104">**Introduction**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8193-104">**Introduction**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d8193-105">The European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) sets a new bar globally for privacy rights, information security and compliance.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8193-105">The European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) sets a new bar globally for privacy rights, information security, and compliance.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d8193-106">At Microsoft, we believe privacy is a fundamental right and that the GDPR is an important step forward in protecting and enabling the privacy rights of individuals.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8193-106">At Microsoft, we believe privacy is a fundamental right and that the GDPR is an important step forward in protecting and enabling the privacy rights of individuals.</span></span>     

<span data-ttu-id="d8193-107">Microsoft is committed to its own compliance with the GDPR, as well as to provide an array of products, features, documentation and resources to support our customers in meeting their compliance obligations under the GDPR.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8193-107">Microsoft is committed to its own compliance with the GDPR, as well as to provide an array of products, features, documentation, and resources to support our customers in meeting their compliance obligations under the GDPR.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d8193-108">The following is a description of Microsoft’s contractual commitments to its customers concerning personal data collected from enterprise software:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8193-108">Following is a description of Microsoft’s contractual commitments to its customers concerning personal data collected from enterprise software:</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d8193-109">**Does Microsoft make commitments to its customers with regard to the GDPR?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8193-109">**Does Microsoft make commitments to its customers with regard to the GDPR?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d8193-110">Yes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8193-110">Yes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d8193-111">The GDPR requires that controllers (such as organisations and developers using Microsoft’s enterprise online services) only use processors (such as Microsoft) that process personal data on the controller’s behalf and provide sufficient guarantees to meet key requirements of the GDPR.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8193-111">The GDPR requires that controllers (such as organizations and developers using Microsoft’s enterprise online services) only use processors (such as Microsoft) that process personal data on the controller’s behalf and provide sufficient guarantees to meet key requirements of the GDPR.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d8193-112">Microsoft has taken the proactive step of providing these commitments to all enterprise online service customers as part of their subscription agreements and to volume licensing customers as part of their enterprise agreements.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8193-112">Microsoft has taken the proactive step of providing these commitments to all enterprise online service customers as part of their subscription agreements and to volume licensing customers as part of their enterprise agreements.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d8193-113">Customers of other generally available enterprise software licensed by Microsoft or our affiliates also enjoy the benefits of Microsoft’s GDPR commitments, as described in this notice, to the extent the software processes personal data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8193-113">Customers of other generally available enterprise software licensed by Microsoft or our affiliates also enjoy the benefits of Microsoft’s GDPR commitments, as described in this notice, to the extent the software processes personal data.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d8193-114">**Where can I find Microsoft’s contractual commitments with regard to the GDPR?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8193-114">**Where can I find Microsoft’s contractual commitments with regard to the GDPR?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d8193-115">You can find Microsoft’s contractual commitments with regard to the GDPR in the [Online Services Data Protection Addendum](https://www.microsoftvolumelicensing.com/DocumentSearch.aspx?Mode=2&Keyword=DPA), which provides Microsoft’s privacy and security commitments, data processing terms and GDPR Terms for Microsoft-hosted services to which customers subscribe under a volume licensing agreement.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8193-115">You can find Microsoft’s contractual commitments with regard to the GDPR in the [Online Services Data Protection Addendum](https://www.microsoftvolumelicensing.com/DocumentSearch.aspx?Mode=2&Keyword=DPA), which provides Microsoft’s privacy and security commitments, data processing terms and GDPR Terms for Microsoft-hosted services to which customers subscribe under a volume licensing agreement.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d8193-116">These terms commit Microsoft to the requirements of processors in GDPR Article 28 and other relevant articles of the GDPR.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8193-116">These terms commit Microsoft to the requirements of processors in GDPR Article 28 and other relevant articles of the GDPR.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="d8193-117">Microsoft extends the GDPR Terms to all customers of generally available enterprise software products licensed by us or our affiliates under Microsoft software licence terms, effective as of 25 May 2018, regardless of the applicable version of the enterprise software, to the extent Microsoft is a processor or sub-processor of personal data in connection with such software, and so long as Microsoft continues to offer or support the version.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8193-117">Microsoft extends the GDPR Terms to all customers of generally available enterprise software products licensed by us or our affiliates under Microsoft software license terms, effective as of May 25, 2018, regardless of the applicable version of the enterprise software, to the extent Microsoft is a processor or subprocessor of personal data in connection with such software, and so long as Microsoft continues to offer or support the version.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d8193-118">Support details can be found in the Microsoft Lifecyle Policy at https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/lifecycle.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8193-118">Support details can be found in the Microsoft Lifecyle Policy at https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/lifecycle.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d8193-119">For clarity, different or lesser commitments may apply to beta or preview software, software that has been materially modified, or any software licensed by Microsoft or our affiliates that is not made generally available to the public or otherwise not licensed under Microsoft software licence terms.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8193-119">For clarity, different or lesser commitments may apply to beta or preview software, software that has been materially modified, or any software licensed by Microsoft or our affiliates that is not made generally available to the public or otherwise not licensed under Microsoft software license terms.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d8193-120">Some products may collect and send to Microsoft telemetry or other data by default; product documentation provides information and instructions for how to turn off or configure such telemetry collection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8193-120">Some products may collect and send to Microsoft telemetry or other data by default; product documentation provides information and instructions for how to turn off or configure such telemetry collection.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d8193-121">**What commitments are in the GDPR Terms?**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8193-121">**What commitments are in the GDPR Terms?**</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="d8193-122">Microsoft’s GDPR Terms reflect the commitments required of processors in Article 28 of the GDPR.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8193-122">Microsoft’s GDPR Terms reflect the commitments required of processors in Article 28 of the GDPR.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="d8193-123">Article 28 requires that processors commit to:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8193-123">Article 28 requires that processors commit to:</span></span>

-   <span data-ttu-id="d8193-124">only use sub-processors with the consent of the controller and remain liable for sub-processors;</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8193-124">only use subprocessors with the consent of the controller and remain liable for subprocessors;</span></span>
-   <span data-ttu-id="d8193-125">process personal data only on instructions from the controller, including with regard to transfers;</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8193-125">process personal data only on instructions from the controller, including with regard to transfers;</span></span>
-   <span data-ttu-id="d8193-126">ensure that persons who process personal data are committed to confidentiality;</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8193-126">ensure that persons who process personal data are committed to confidentiality;</span></span>
-   <span data-ttu-id="d8193-127">implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to ensure a level of personal data security appropriate to the risk;</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8193-127">implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure a level of personal data security appropriate to the risk;</span></span>
-   <span data-ttu-id="d8193-128">assist the controller in its obligations to respond to data subjects’ requests to exercise their GDPR rights;</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8193-128">assist the controller in its obligations to respond to data subjects’ requests to exercise their GDPR rights;</span></span>
-   <span data-ttu-id="d8193-129">meet the GDPR’s breach notification and assistance requirements;</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8193-129">meet the GDPR’s breach notification and assistance requirements;</span></span>
-   <span data-ttu-id="d8193-130">assist the controller with data protection impact assessments and consultation with supervisory authorities;</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8193-130">assist the controller with data protection impact assessments and consultation with supervisory authorities;</span></span> 
-   <span data-ttu-id="d8193-131">delete or return personal data at the end of provision of services; and</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8193-131">delete or return personal data at the end of provision of services; and</span></span>
-   <span data-ttu-id="d8193-132">support the controller with evidence of compliance with the GDPR.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d8193-132">support the controller with evidence of compliance with the GDPR.</span></span>
