---
title: Terms of Use
description: Terms of use for documentation on docs.microsoft.com.
keywords: ''
author: ''
manager: ''
ms.date: 09/19/2018
ms.topic: article
ms.prod: ''
ms.service: ''
ms.technology: ''
ms.assetid: 674fcfe7-14bb-4fe1-8a25-cbe6eca5dcd1
layout: ContentPage
ms.openlocfilehash: 07d175c205ed781a0eef363d4e4015810c53c3bb
ms.sourcegitcommit: 6925c5b4ad2faff22d877acd2e07e09d289b5507
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: en-MY
ms.lasthandoff: 06/05/2020
ms.locfileid: "77570883"
---
# <a name="docsmicrosoftcom---terms-of-use"></a><span data-ttu-id="17789-103">docs.microsoft.com – Terms of use</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-103">docs.microsoft.com - Terms of use</span></span>

## <a name="acceptance-of-terms"></a><span data-ttu-id="17789-104">Acceptance of Terms</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-104">Acceptance of Terms</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17789-105">The following Terms of Use ("TOU") apply to your use of the Microsoft Docs website ([https://docs.microsoft.com](https://docs.microsoft.com)), Tech Profile ([https://techprofile.microsoft.com](https://techprofile.microsoft.com)) and any associated services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-105">The following Terms of Use ("TOU") apply to your use of the Microsoft Docs website ([https://docs.microsoft.com](https://docs.microsoft.com)), Tech Profile ([https://techprofile.microsoft.com](https://techprofile.microsoft.com)) and any associated services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-106">Microsoft reserves the right to update the TOU at any time without notice to you.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-106">Microsoft reserves the right to update the TOU at any time without notice to you.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-107">The most current version of the TOU can be reviewed by clicking on the "Terms of Use" hypertext link located at the bottom of our Web pages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-107">The most current version of the TOU can be reviewed by clicking on the "Terms of Use" hypertext link located at the bottom of our Web pages.</span></span>

## <a name="description-of-service"></a><span data-ttu-id="17789-108">Description of Service</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-108">Description of Service</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17789-109">Through the Microsoft Docs website, Tech Profile and associated services, Microsoft provides you with access to a variety of resources, including interactive learning tutorials, documentation, videos, developer tools, download areas, communication forums and product information (collectively the "Services").</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-109">Through the Microsoft Docs website, Tech Profile and associated services, Microsoft provides you with access to a variety of resources, including interactive learning tutorials, documentation, videos, developer tools, download areas, communication forums and product information (collectively the "Services").</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-110">The Services, including any updates, enhancements, new features and/or the addition of any new Web properties, are subject to the TOU.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-110">The Services, including any updates, enhancements, new features, and/or the addition of any new Web properties, are subject to the TOU.</span></span>

## <a name="personal-and-non-commercial-use-limitation"></a><span data-ttu-id="17789-111">Personal and Non-Commercial Use Limitation</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-111">Personal and Non-Commercial Use Limitation</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17789-112">Unless otherwise specified, the Services are for your personal and non-commercial use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-112">Unless otherwise specified, the Services are for your personal and non-commercial use.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-113">You may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer or sell any information, software, products or services obtained from the Services (except for your own, personal, non-commercial use) without prior written consent from Microsoft.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-113">You may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer or sell any information, software, products or services obtained from the Services (except for your own, personal, non-commercial use) without prior written consent from Microsoft.</span></span>

## <a name="privacy-and-protection-of-personal-information"></a><span data-ttu-id="17789-114">Privacy and Protection of Personal Information</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-114">Privacy and Protection of Personal Information</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17789-115">Your privacy is important to us.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-115">Your privacy is important to us.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-116">Please read the [Microsoft Privacy Statement](https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement) (the "Privacy Statement") as it describes the types of data we collect from you and your devices, how we use that data, and the legal bases we have to process that data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-116">Please read the [Microsoft Privacy Statement](https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement) (the "Privacy Statement") as it describes the types of data we collect from you and your devices, how we use that data, and the legal bases we have to process that data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-117">The Privacy Statement also describes how Microsoft uses the Submissions (as defined herein), comments, ratings or reviews of the Services, communications, files, photos, documents, audio, digital works, livestreams, videos and any other content that you upload, store, broadcast or share through the Services, (collectively, "Your Content").</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-117">The Privacy Statement also describes how Microsoft uses the Submissions (as defined herein), comments, ratings or reviews of the Services, communications, files, photos, documents, audio, digital works, livestreams, videos and any other content that you upload, store, broadcast or share through the Services, (collectively, "Your Content").</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-118">Where processing is based on consent and to the extent permitted by law, by agreeing to these Terms, you consent to Microsoft’s collection, use and disclosure of Your Content and data as described in the Privacy Statement.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-118">Where processing is based on consent and to the extent permitted by law, by agreeing to these Terms, you consent to Microsoft’s collection, use and disclosure of Your Content and data as described in the Privacy Statement.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-119">In some cases, we will provide separate notice and request your consent as referenced in the Privacy Statement.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-119">In some cases, we will provide separate notice and request your consent as referenced in the Privacy Statement.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17789-120">**Public user information and Content**: The user information you provide (including your username, display name, avatar image, biography, your job title and organisation and your user achievements) may be viewed by others.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-120">**Public user information and Content**: The user information you provide (including your username, display name, avatar image, biography, your job title and organization and your user achievements) may be viewed by others.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-121">You are only required to provide a username and display name in order to use the Tech Profile.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-121">You are only required to provide a username and display name in order to use the Tech Profile.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-122">All other fields are optional.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-122">All other fields are optional.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-123">You may update your username and display name at any time.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-123">You may update your username and display name at any time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-124">Microsoft may also collect and publicly display the date that you registered with Tech Profile and your affiliation with Microsoft.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-124">Microsoft may also collect and publicly display the date that you registered with Tech Profile and your affiliation with Microsoft.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17789-125">Any Content you post publicly may also be viewed by others.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-125">Any Content you post publicly may also be viewed by others.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-126">You may be able to delete certain types of Content after they have been posted, but not all types of Content can be deleted after they have been posted publicly.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-126">You may be able to delete certain types of Content after they have been posted, but not all types of Content can be deleted after they have been posted publicly.</span></span>

## <a name="notice-specific-to-software-available-on-this-website"></a><span data-ttu-id="17789-127">Notice Specific to Software Available on this Website</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-127">Notice Specific to Software Available on this Website</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17789-128">Any software that is made available to download from the Services ("Software") is the copyrighted work of Microsoft and/or its suppliers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-128">Any software that is made available to download from the Services ("Software") is the copyrighted work of Microsoft and/or its suppliers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-129">Use of the Software is governed by the terms of the end user licence agreement, if any, which accompanies or is included with the Software ("Licence Agreement").</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-129">Use of the Software is governed by the terms of the end user license agreement, if any, which accompanies or is included with the Software ("License Agreement").</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-130">An end user will be unable to install any Software that is accompanied by or includes a Licence Agreement, unless he or she first agrees to the Licence Agreement terms.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-130">An end user will be unable to install any Software that is accompanied by or includes a License Agreement, unless he or she first agrees to the License Agreement terms.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-131">Third party scripts or code, linked to or referenced from this website, are licensed to you by the third parties that own such code, not by Microsoft.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-131">Third party scripts or code, linked to or referenced from this website, are licensed to you by the third parties that own such code, not by Microsoft.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17789-132">The Software is made available for download solely for use by end users according to the Licence Agreement.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-132">The Software is made available for download solely for use by end users according to the License Agreement.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-133">Any reproduction or redistribution of the Software not in accordance with the Licence Agreement is expressly prohibited by law, and may result in severe civil and criminal penalties.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-133">Any reproduction or redistribution of the Software not in accordance with the License Agreement is expressly prohibited by law, and may result in severe civil and criminal penalties.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-134">Violators will be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-134">Violators will be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17789-135">WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, COPYING OR REPRODUCTION OF THE SOFTWARE TO ANY OTHER SERVER OR LOCATION FOR FURTHER REPRODUCTION OR REDISTRIBUTION IS EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED, UNLESS SUCH REPRODUCTION OR REDISTRIBUTION IS EXPRESSLY PERMITTED BY THE LICENCE AGREEMENT ACCOMPANYING SUCH SOFTWARE.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-135">WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, COPYING OR REPRODUCTION OF THE SOFTWARE TO ANY OTHER SERVER OR LOCATION FOR FURTHER REPRODUCTION OR REDISTRIBUTION IS EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED, UNLESS SUCH REPRODUCTION OR REDISTRIBUTION IS EXPRESSLY PERMITTED BY THE LICENSE AGREEMENT ACCOMPANYING SUCH SOFTWARE.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17789-136">THE SOFTWARE IS WARRANTED, IF AT ALL, ONLY ACCORDING TO THE TERMS OF THE LICENCE AGREEMENT.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-136">THE SOFTWARE IS WARRANTED, IF AT ALL, ONLY ACCORDING TO THE TERMS OF THE LICENSE AGREEMENT.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-137">EXCEPT AS WARRANTED IN THE LICENCE AGREEMENT, MICROSOFT CORPORATION HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH REGARD TO THE SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-137">EXCEPT AS WARRANTED IN THE LICENSE AGREEMENT, MICROSOFT CORPORATION HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH REGARD TO THE SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-138">FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE, MICROSOFT MAY MAKE AVAILABLE AS PART OF THE SERVICES OR IN ITS SOFTWARE PRODUCTS, TOOLS AND UTILITIES FOR USE AND/OR DOWNLOAD.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-138">FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE, MICROSOFT MAY MAKE AVAILABLE AS PART OF THE SERVICES OR IN ITS SOFTWARE PRODUCTS, TOOLS AND UTILITIES FOR USE AND/OR DOWNLOAD.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-139">MICROSOFT DOES NOT MAKE ANY ASSURANCES WITH REGARD TO THE ACCURACY OF THE RESULTS OR OUTPUT THAT DERIVES FROM SUCH USE OF ANY SUCH TOOLS AND UTILITIES.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-139">MICROSOFT DOES NOT MAKE ANY ASSURANCES WITH REGARD TO THE ACCURACY OF THE RESULTS OR OUTPUT THAT DERIVES FROM SUCH USE OF ANY SUCH TOOLS AND UTILITIES.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-140">PLEASE RESPECT THE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF OTHERS WHEN USING THE TOOLS AND UTILITIES MADE AVAILABLE ON THE SERVICES OR IN MICROSOFT SOFTWARE PRODUCTS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-140">PLEASE RESPECT THE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF OTHERS WHEN USING THE TOOLS AND UTILITIES MADE AVAILABLE ON THE SERVICES OR IN MICROSOFT SOFTWARE PRODUCTS.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17789-141">RESTRICTED RIGHTS LEGEND.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-141">RESTRICTED RIGHTS LEGEND.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-142">Any Software which is downloaded from the Services for or on behalf of the United States of America, its agencies and/or instrumentalities ("US Government"), is provided with Restricted Rights.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-142">Any Software which is downloaded from the Services for or on behalf of the United States of America, its agencies and/or instrumentalities ("U.S. Government"), is provided with Restricted Rights.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-143">Use, duplication or disclosure by the US Government is subject to restrictions as set forth in subparagraph (c)(1)(ii) of the Rights in Technical Data and Computer Software clause at DFARS 252.227-7013 or subparagraphs (c)(1) and (2) of the Commercial Computer Software – Restricted Rights at 48 CFR 52.227-19, as applicable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-143">Use, duplication, or disclosure by the U.S. Government is subject to restrictions as set forth in subparagraph (c)(1)(ii) of the Rights in Technical Data and Computer Software clause at DFARS 252.227-7013 or subparagraphs (c)(1) and (2) of the Commercial Computer Software - Restricted Rights at 48 CFR 52.227-19, as applicable.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-144">Manufacturer is Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-144">Manufacturer is Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399.</span></span>

## <a name="notice-specific-to-documents-available-on-this-website"></a><span data-ttu-id="17789-145">Notice Specific to Documents Available on this Website</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-145">Notice Specific to Documents Available on this Website</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17789-146">Certain documentation may be subject to explicit licence terms separate from the terms contained here.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-146">Certain documentation may be subject to explicit license terms separate from the terms contained here.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-147">To the extent the terms conflict, the explicit licence terms control.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-147">To the extent the terms conflict, the explicit license terms control.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="17789-148">Permission to use Documents (such as white papers, press releases, datasheets and FAQs) from the Services is granted, provided that (1) the below copyright notice appears in all copies and that both the copyright notice and this permission notice appear, (2) use of such Documents from the Services is for informational and non-commercial or personal use only and will not be copied or posted on any network computer or broadcast in any media, and (3) no modifications of any Documents are made.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-148">Permission to use Documents (such as white papers, press releases, datasheets and FAQs) from the Services is granted, provided that (1) the below copyright notice appears in all copies and that both the copyright notice and this permission notice appear, (2) use of such Documents from the Services is for informational and non-commercial or personal use only and will not be copied or posted on any network computer or broadcast in any media, and (3) no modifications of any Documents are made.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-149">Accredited educational institutions, such as primary and secondary schools, universities, private/public colleges and state community colleges, may download and reproduce the Documents for distribution in the classroom.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-149">Accredited educational institutions, such as K-12, universities, private/public colleges, and state community colleges, may download and reproduce the Documents for distribution in the classroom.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-150">Distribution outside the classroom requires express written permission.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-150">Distribution outside the classroom requires express written permission.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-151">Use for any other purpose is expressly prohibited by law, and may result in severe civil and criminal penalties.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-151">Use for any other purpose is expressly prohibited by law, and may result in severe civil and criminal penalties.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-152">Violators will be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-152">Violators will be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17789-153">Documents specified above do not include the design or layout of the Microsoft.com website or any other Microsoft owned, operated, licensed or controlled site.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-153">Documents specified above do not include the design or layout of the Microsoft.com website or any other Microsoft owned, operated, licensed or controlled site.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-154">Elements of Microsoft websites are protected by trade dress, trademark, unfair competition and other laws and may not be copied or imitated in whole or in part.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-154">Elements of Microsoft websites are protected by trade dress, trademark, unfair competition, and other laws and may not be copied or imitated in whole or in part.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-155">No logo, graphic, sound or image from any Microsoft website may be copied or retransmitted unless expressly permitted by Microsoft.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-155">No logo, graphic, sound or image from any Microsoft website may be copied or retransmitted unless expressly permitted by Microsoft.</span></span>

## <a name="disclaimer-and-limitation-of-liability-for-the-services"></a><span data-ttu-id="17789-156">Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability for the Services</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-156">Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability for the Services</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17789-157">MICROSOFT AND/OR ITS RESPECTIVE SUPPLIERS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE SUITABILITY OF THE SERVICES OR THE SUITABILITY OF THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THE DOCUMENTS AND RELATED GRAPHICS PUBLISHED AS PART OF THE SERVICES FOR ANY PURPOSE.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-157">MICROSOFT AND/OR ITS RESPECTIVE SUPPLIERS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE SUITABILITY OF THE SERVICES OR THE SUITABILITY OF THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THE DOCUMENTS AND RELATED GRAPHICS PUBLISHED AS PART OF THE SERVICES FOR ANY PURPOSE.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-158">ALL SERVICES, DOCUMENTS AND RELATED GRAPHICS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-158">ALL SERVICES, DOCUMENTS AND RELATED GRAPHICS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-159">MICROSOFT AND/OR ITS RESPECTIVE SUPPLIERS HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH REGARD TO THE SERVICES, INFORMATION AND RELATED GRAPHICS, INCLUDING ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-159">MICROSOFT AND/OR ITS RESPECTIVE SUPPLIERS HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH REGARD TO THE SERVICES, INFORMATION AND RELATED GRAPHICS, INCLUDING ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-160">IN NO EVENT SHALL MICROSOFT AND/OR ITS RESPECTIVE SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES, INCLUDING THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF INFORMATION AVAILABLE FROM THE SERVICES.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-160">IN NO EVENT SHALL MICROSOFT AND/OR ITS RESPECTIVE SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES, INCLUDING THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF INFORMATION AVAILABLE FROM THE SERVICES.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17789-161">THE DOCUMENTS AND RELATED GRAPHICS PUBLISHED ON THE SERVICES COULD INCLUDE TECHNICAL INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-161">THE DOCUMENTS AND RELATED GRAPHICS PUBLISHED ON THE SERVICES COULD INCLUDE TECHNICAL INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-162">CHANGES ARE PERIODICALLY ADDED TO THE INFORMATION HEREIN.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-162">CHANGES ARE PERIODICALLY ADDED TO THE INFORMATION HEREIN.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-163">MICROSOFT AND/OR ITS RESPECTIVE SUPPLIERS MAY MAKE IMPROVEMENTS AND/OR CHANGES IN THE PRODUCT(S) AND/OR THE PROGRAM(S) DESCRIBED HEREIN AT ANY TIME.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-163">MICROSOFT AND/OR ITS RESPECTIVE SUPPLIERS MAY MAKE IMPROVEMENTS AND/OR CHANGES IN THE PRODUCT(S) AND/OR THE PROGRAM(S) DESCRIBED HEREIN AT ANY TIME.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17789-164">IN NO EVENT SHALL MICROSOFT AND/OR ITS RESPECTIVE SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SERVICES, SOFTWARE, DOCUMENTS, PROVISION OF OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE SERVICES OR INFORMATION AVAILABLE FROM THE SERVICES.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-164">IN NO EVENT SHALL MICROSOFT AND/OR ITS RESPECTIVE SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SERVICES, SOFTWARE, DOCUMENTS, PROVISION OF OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE SERVICES, OR INFORMATION AVAILABLE FROM THE SERVICES.</span></span>

## <a name="tech-profile-account-password-and-security"></a><span data-ttu-id="17789-165">Tech Profile Account, Password and Security</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-165">Tech Profile Account, Password, and Security</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17789-166">You may need a Microsoft account, Azure Active Directory account or Tech Profile account to access some of the Services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-166">You may need a Microsoft account, Azure Active Directory account or Tech Profile account to access some of the Services.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17789-167">**Microsoft Account**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-167">**Microsoft Account**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-168">Your Microsoft account lets you sign in to products, websites and services provided by Microsoft and some Microsoft partners.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-168">Your Microsoft account lets you sign in to products, websites and services provided by Microsoft and some Microsoft partners.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-169">You can create a Microsoft account by signing up [online](https://signup.live.com/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-169">You can create a Microsoft account by signing up [online](https://signup.live.com/).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-170">Microsoft accounts are subject to the [Microsoft Services Agreement](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/servicesagreement/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-170">Microsoft accounts are subject to the [Microsoft Services Agreement](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/servicesagreement/).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17789-171">**Azure Active Directory Account**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-171">**Azure Active Directory Account**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-172">You may have an account with Microsoft through an organisation to which you belong.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-172">You may have an account with Microsoft through an organization to which you belong.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-173">Please contact your organisation’s administrator for information about this account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-173">Please contact your organization’s administrator for information about this account.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17789-174">**Tech Profile Account**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-174">**Tech Profile Account**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-175">Your Tech Profile account lets you sign in to the Microsoft Docs website and use the associated services, including free access to learning resources, unblocking achievements, rating, commenting, posting content and using other interactive services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-175">Your Tech Profile account lets you sign in to the Microsoft Docs website and use the associated services, including free access to learning resources, unblocking achievements, rating, commenting, posting content and using other interactive services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-176">You can create a Tech Profile account by creating a username in [Tech Profile](https://techprofile.microsoft.com/) after logging-in with a Microsoft Account or Azure Active Directory Account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-176">You can create a Tech Profile account by creating a username in [Tech Profile](https://techprofile.microsoft.com/) after logging-in with a Microsoft Account or Azure Active Directory Account.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17789-177">You agree not to use any false, inaccurate or misleading information when signing up for your Tech Profile account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-177">You agree not to use any false, inaccurate or misleading information when signing up for your Tech Profile account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-178">You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-178">You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-179">Furthermore, you are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-179">Furthermore, you are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-180">You agree to notify Microsoft immediately of any unauthorised use of your account or any other breach of security.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-180">You agree to notify Microsoft immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-181">Microsoft will not be liable for any loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using your password or account, either with or without your knowledge.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-181">Microsoft will not be liable for any loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using your password or account, either with or without your knowledge.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-182">However, you could be held liable for losses incurred by Microsoft or another party due to someone else using your account or password.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-182">However, you could be held liable for losses incurred by Microsoft or another party due to someone else using your account or password.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-183">You may not use anyone else's account at any time, without the permission of the account holder.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-183">You may not use anyone else's account at any time, without the permission of the account holder.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17789-184">If you create a Tech Profile account on behalf of an entity, such as your business or employer, you represent that you have the legal authority to bind that entity to these Terms.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-184">If you create a Tech Profile account on behalf of an entity, such as your business or employer, you represent that you have the legal authority to bind that entity to these Terms.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-185">You cannot transfer your Tech Profile account credentials to another user or entity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-185">You cannot transfer your Tech Profile account credentials to another user or entity.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-186">To protect your account, keep your account details confidential.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-186">To protect your account, keep your account details confidential.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-187">You are responsible for all activity that occurs under your Tech Profile account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-187">You are responsible for all activity that occurs under your Tech Profile account.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17789-188">You may close your Tech Profile Account by accessing your [Tech Profile account settings here](https://techprofile.microsoft.com/edit/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-188">You may close your Tech Profile Account by accessing your [Tech Profile account settings here](https://techprofile.microsoft.com/edit/).</span></span>

## <a name="no-unlawful-or-prohibited-use"></a><span data-ttu-id="17789-189">No Unlawful or Prohibited Use</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-189">No Unlawful or Prohibited Use</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17789-190">As a condition of your use of the Services, you will not use the Services for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms, conditions and notices.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-190">As a condition of your use of the Services, you will not use the Services for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms, conditions, and notices.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-191">You may not use the Services in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden or impair any Microsoft server, or the network(s) connected to any Microsoft server, or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of any Services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-191">You may not use the Services in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair any Microsoft server, or the network(s) connected to any Microsoft server, or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of any Services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-192">You may not attempt to gain unauthorised access to any Services, other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to any Microsoft server or to any of the Services, through hacking, password mining or any other means.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-192">You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any Services, other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to any Microsoft server or to any of the Services, through hacking, password mining or any other means.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-193">You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available through the Services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-193">You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available through the Services.</span></span>

## <a name="use-of-services"></a><span data-ttu-id="17789-194">Use of Services</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-194">Use of Services</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17789-195">The Services may contain email services, bulletin board services, chat areas, news groups, forums, communities, personal web pages, calendars, photo albums, file cabinets and/or other message or communication facilities designed to enable you to communicate with others.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-195">The Services may contain e-mail services, bulletin board services, chat areas, news groups, forums, communities, personal web pages, calendars, photo albums, file cabinets and/or other message or communication facilities designed to enable you to communicate with others.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-196">You agree to use the Services only to post, send and receive messages and material that are proper and, when applicable, related to the particular Service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-196">You agree to use the Services only to post, send and receive messages and material that are proper and, when applicable, related to the particular Service.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-197">By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree that when using the Services, you will not:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-197">By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree that when using the Services, you will not:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="17789-198">Use the Services in connection with surveys, contests, pyramid schemes, chain letters, junk email, spamming or any duplicative or unsolicited messages (commercial or otherwise).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-198">Use the Services in connection with surveys, contests, pyramid schemes, chain letters, junk email, spamming or any duplicative or unsolicited messages (commercial or otherwise).</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="17789-199">Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-199">Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="17789-200">Publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-200">Publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or information.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="17789-201">Upload, or otherwise make available, files that contain images, photographs, software or other material protected by intellectual property laws, including, by way of example, and not as limitation, copyright or trademark laws (or by rights of privacy or publicity) unless you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consent to do the same.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-201">Upload, or otherwise make available, files that contain images, photographs, software or other material protected by intellectual property laws, including, by way of example, and not as limitation, copyright or trademark laws (or by rights of privacy or publicity) unless you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consent to do the same.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="17789-202">Use any material or information, including images or photographs, which are made available through the Services in any manner that infringes any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret or other proprietary right of any party.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-202">Use any material or information, including images or photographs, which are made available through the Services in any manner that infringes any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, or other proprietary right of any party.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="17789-203">Upload files that contain viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, corrupted files or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another's computer or property of another.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-203">Upload files that contain viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another's computer or property of another.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="17789-204">Advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose, unless the Services specifically allows such messages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-204">Advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose, unless the Services specifically allows such messages.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="17789-205">Download any file posted by another user of a Service that you know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally reproduced, displayed, performed and/or distributed in such manner.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-205">Download any file posted by another user of a Service that you know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally reproduced, displayed, performed, and/or distributed in such manner.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="17789-206">Falsify or delete any copyright management information, such as author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-206">Falsify or delete any copyright management information, such as author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="17789-207">Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-207">Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Services.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="17789-208">Violate any code of conduct or other guidelines which may be applicable for any particular Service.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-208">Violate any code of conduct or other guidelines which may be applicable for any particular Service.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="17789-209">Harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including email addresses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-209">Harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including e-mail addresses.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="17789-210">Violate any applicable laws or regulations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-210">Violate any applicable laws or regulations.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="17789-211">Create a false identity for the purpose of misleading others.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-211">Create a false identity for the purpose of misleading others.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="17789-212">Use, download or otherwise copy, or provide (whether or not for a fee) to a person or entity any directory of users of the Services or other user or usage information or any portion thereof.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-212">Use, download or otherwise copy, or provide (whether or not for a fee) to a person or entity any directory of users of the Services or other user or usage information or any portion thereof.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17789-213">Microsoft has no obligation to monitor the Services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-213">Microsoft has no obligation to monitor the Services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-214">However, Microsoft reserves the right to review materials posted to the Services and to remove any materials in its sole discretion.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-214">However, Microsoft reserves the right to review materials posted to the Services and to remove any materials in its sole discretion.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-215">Microsoft reserves the right to terminate your access to any or all of the Services at any time, without notice, for any reason whatsoever.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-215">Microsoft reserves the right to terminate your access to any or all of the Services at any time, without notice, for any reason whatsoever.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17789-216">Microsoft reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as Microsoft deems necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, in Microsoft's sole discretion.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-216">Microsoft reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as Microsoft deems necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, in Microsoft's sole discretion.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17789-217">Always use caution when giving out any personally identifiable information about yourself or your children in any Services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-217">Always use caution when giving out any personally identifiable information about yourself or your children in any Services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-218">Microsoft does not control or endorse the content, messages or information found in any Services and, therefore, Microsoft specifically disclaims any liability with regard to the Services and any actions resulting from your participation in any Services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-218">Microsoft does not control or endorse the content, messages or information found in any Services and, therefore, Microsoft specifically disclaims any liability with regard to the Services and any actions resulting from your participation in any Services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-219">Managers and hosts are not authorised Microsoft spokespersons, and their views do not necessarily reflect those of Microsoft.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-219">Managers and hosts are not authorized Microsoft spokespersons, and their views do not necessarily reflect those of Microsoft.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17789-220">Materials uploaded to the Services may be subject to posted limitations on usage, reproduction and/or dissemination; you are responsible for adhering to such limitations if you download the materials.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-220">Materials uploaded to the Services may be subject to posted limitations on usage, reproduction and/or dissemination; you are responsible for adhering to such limitations if you download the materials.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17789-221">The videos and eBooks might be in English only.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-221">The videos and eBooks might be in English only.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-222">If you click the links, you may be redirected to a US website whose content is solely in English.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-222">If you click the links, you may be redirected to a U.S. website whose content is solely in English.</span></span>

## <a name="materials-provided-to-microsoft-or-posted-to-the-services"></a><span data-ttu-id="17789-223">Materials Provided to Microsoft or Posted to the Services</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-223">Materials Provided to Microsoft or Posted to the Services</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17789-224">Microsoft does not claim ownership of the materials you provide to Microsoft (including feedback and suggestions) or post, upload, input or submit to any Services or its associated services for review by the general public, or by the members of any public or private community, (each a "Submission" and collectively "Submissions").</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-224">Microsoft does not claim ownership of the materials you provide to Microsoft (including feedback and suggestions) or post, upload, input or submit to any Services or its associated services for review by the general public, or by the members of any public or private community, (each a "Submission" and collectively "Submissions").</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-225">However, by posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting ("Posting") your Submission you are granting Microsoft, its affiliated companies and necessary sublicensees permission to use your Submission in connection with the operation of their Internet businesses (including, without limitation, all Microsoft Services), including, without limitation, the licence rights to: copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate and reformat your Submission; to publish your name in connection with your Submission; and the right to sublicense such rights to any supplier of the Services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-225">However, by posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting ("Posting") your Submission you are granting Microsoft, its affiliated companies and necessary sublicensees permission to use your Submission in connection with the operation of their Internet businesses (including, without limitation, all Microsoft Services), including, without limitation, the license rights to: copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate and reformat your Submission; to publish your name in connection with your Submission; and the right to sublicense such rights to any supplier of the Services.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17789-226">No compensation will be paid with respect to the use of your Submission, as provided herein.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-226">No compensation will be paid with respect to the use of your Submission, as provided herein.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-227">Microsoft is under no obligation to post or use any Submission you may provide and Microsoft may remove any Submission at any time in its sole discretion.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-227">Microsoft is under no obligation to post or use any Submission you may provide and Microsoft may remove any Submission at any time in its sole discretion.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17789-228">By Posting a Submission you warrant and represent that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to your Submission as described in these Terms of Use including, without limitation, all the rights necessary for you to provide, post, upload, input or submit the Submissions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-228">By Posting a Submission you warrant and represent that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to your Submission as described in these Terms of Use including, without limitation, all the rights necessary for you to provide, post, upload, input or submit the Submissions.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17789-229">In addition to the warranty and representation set forth above, by Posting a Submission that contain images, photographs, pictures or that are otherwise graphical in whole or in part ("Images"), you warrant and represent that (a) you are the copyright owner of such Images, or that the copyright owner of such Images has granted you permission to use such Images or any content and/or images contained in such Images consistent with the manner and purpose of your use and as otherwise permitted by these Terms of Use and the Services, (b) you have the rights necessary to grant the licences and sublicences described in these Terms of Use, and (c) that each person depicted in such Images, if any, has provided consent to the use of the Images as set forth in these Terms of Use, including, by way of example, and not as a limitation, the distribution, public display and reproduction of such Images.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-229">In addition to the warranty and representation set forth above, by Posting a Submission that contain images, photographs, pictures or that are otherwise graphical in whole or in part ("Images"), you warrant and represent that (a) you are the copyright owner of such Images, or that the copyright owner of such Images has granted you permission to use such Images or any content and/or images contained in such Images consistent with the manner and purpose of your use and as otherwise permitted by these Terms of Use and the Services, (b) you have the rights necessary to grant the licenses and sublicenses described in these Terms of Use, and (c) that each person depicted in such Images, if any, has provided consent to the use of the Images as set forth in these Terms of Use, including, by way of example, and not as a limitation, the distribution, public display and reproduction of such Images.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-230">By Posting Images, you are granting (a) to all members of your private community (for each such Images available to members of such private community), and/or (b) to the general public (for each such Images available anywhere on the Services, other than a private community), permission to use your Images in connection with the use, as permitted by these Terms of Use, of any of the Services, (including, by way of example, and not as a limitation, making prints and gift items which include such Images), and including, without limitation, a non-exclusive, world-wide, royalty-free licence to: copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate and reformat your Images without having your name attached to such Images, and the right to sublicense such rights to any supplier of the Services.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-230">By Posting Images, you are granting (a) to all members of your private community (for each such Images available to members of such private community), and/or (b) to the general public (for each such Images available anywhere on the Services, other than a private community), permission to use your Images in connection with the use, as permitted by these Terms of Use, of any of the Services, (including, by way of example, and not as a limitation, making prints and gift items which include such Images), and including, without limitation, a non-exclusive, world-wide, royalty-free license to: copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate and reformat your Images without having your name attached to such Images, and the right to sublicense such rights to any supplier of the Services.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-231">The licences granted in the preceding sentences for a Images will terminate at the time you completely remove such Images from the Services, provided that, such termination shall not affect any licences granted in connection with such Images prior to the time you completely remove such Images.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-231">The licenses granted in the preceding sentences for a Images will terminate at the time you completely remove such Images from the Services, provided that, such termination shall not affect any licenses granted in connection with such Images prior to the time you completely remove such Images.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-232">No compensation will be paid with respect to the use of your Images.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-232">No compensation will be paid with respect to the use of your Images.</span></span>

## <a name="notices-and-procedure-for-making-claims-of-copyright-infringement"></a><span data-ttu-id="17789-233">Notices and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-233">Notices and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17789-234">Pursuant to Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2), notifications of claimed copyright infringement should be sent to Service Provider's Designated Agent.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-234">Pursuant to Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2), notifications of claimed copyright infringement should be sent to Service Provider's Designated Agent.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-235">ALL INQUIRIES NOT RELEVANT TO THE FOLLOWING PROCEDURE WILL NOT RECEIVE A RESPONSE.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-235">ALL INQUIRIES NOT RELEVANT TO THE FOLLOWING PROCEDURE WILL NOT RECEIVE A RESPONSE.</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="17789-236">See [Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement](https://www.microsoft.com/info/cpyrtinfrg.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-236">See [Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement](https://www.microsoft.com/info/cpyrtinfrg.aspx).</span></span>

## <a name="links-to-third-party-sites"></a><span data-ttu-id="17789-237">Links to Third-Party Sites</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-237">Links to Third-Party Sites</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17789-238">THE LINKS IN THIS SERVICE MAY LET YOU LEAVE MICROSOFT'S SITE.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-238">THE LINKS IN THIS SERVICE MAY LET YOU LEAVE MICROSOFT'S SITE.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-239">THE LINKED SITES ARE NOT UNDER THE CONTROL OF MICROSOFT AND MICROSOFT IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONTENTS OF ANY LINKED SITE OR ANY LINK CONTAINED IN A LINKED SITE, OR ANY CHANGES OR UPDATES TO SUCH SITES.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-239">THE LINKED SITES ARE NOT UNDER THE CONTROL OF MICROSOFT AND MICROSOFT IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONTENTS OF ANY LINKED SITE OR ANY LINK CONTAINED IN A LINKED SITE, OR ANY CHANGES OR UPDATES TO SUCH SITES.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-240">MICROSOFT IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR WEBCASTING OR ANY OTHER FORM OF TRANSMISSION RECEIVED FROM ANY LINKED SITE.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-240">MICROSOFT IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR WEBCASTING OR ANY OTHER FORM OF TRANSMISSION RECEIVED FROM ANY LINKED SITE.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-241">MICROSOFT IS PROVIDING THESE LINKS TO YOU ONLY AS A CONVENIENCE, AND THE INCLUSION OF ANY LINK DOES NOT IMPLY ENDORSEMENT BY MICROSOFT OF THE SITE.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-241">MICROSOFT IS PROVIDING THESE LINKS TO YOU ONLY AS A CONVENIENCE, AND THE INCLUSION OF ANY LINK DOES NOT IMPLY ENDORSEMENT BY MICROSOFT OF THE SITE.</span></span>

## <a name="unsolicited-idea-submission-policy-reservation-of-rights-and-feedback"></a><span data-ttu-id="17789-242">Unsolicited Idea Submission Policy, Reservation of Rights and Feedback</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-242">Unsolicited Idea Submission Policy, Reservation of Rights and Feedback</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17789-243">MICROSOFT OR ANY OF ITS EMPLOYEES DO NOT ACCEPT OR CONSIDER UNSOLICITED IDEAS, INCLUDING IDEAS FOR NEW ADVERTISING CAMPAIGNS, NEW PROMOTIONS, NEW PRODUCTS OR TECHNOLOGIES, PROCESSES, MATERIALS, MARKETING PLANS OR NEW PRODUCT NAMES.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-243">MICROSOFT OR ANY OF ITS EMPLOYEES DO NOT ACCEPT OR CONSIDER UNSOLICITED IDEAS, INCLUDING IDEAS FOR NEW ADVERTISING CAMPAIGNS, NEW PROMOTIONS, NEW PRODUCTS OR TECHNOLOGIES, PROCESSES, MATERIALS, MARKETING PLANS OR NEW PRODUCT NAMES.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-244">PLEASE DO NOT SEND ANY ORIGINAL CREATIVE ARTWORK, SAMPLES, DEMOS OR OTHER WORKS.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-244">PLEASE DO NOT SEND ANY ORIGINAL CREATIVE ARTWORK, SAMPLES, DEMOS, OR OTHER WORKS.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-245">THE SOLE PURPOSE OF THIS POLICY IS TO AVOID POTENTIAL MISUNDERSTANDINGS OR DISPUTES WHEN MICROSOFT'S PRODUCTS OR MARKETING STRATEGIES MIGHT SEEM SIMILAR TO IDEAS SUBMITTED TO MICROSOFT.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-245">THE SOLE PURPOSE OF THIS POLICY IS TO AVOID POTENTIAL MISUNDERSTANDINGS OR DISPUTES WHEN MICROSOFT'S PRODUCTS OR MARKETING STRATEGIES MIGHT SEEM SIMILAR TO IDEAS SUBMITTED TO MICROSOFT.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-246">SO, PLEASE DO NOT SEND YOUR UNSOLICITED IDEAS TO MICROSOFT OR ANYONE AT MICROSOFT.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-246">SO, PLEASE DO NOT SEND YOUR UNSOLICITED IDEAS TO MICROSOFT OR ANYONE AT MICROSOFT.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-247">IF, DESPITE OUR REQUEST THAT YOU NOT SEND US YOUR IDEAS AND MATERIALS, YOU STILL SEND THEM, PLEASE UNDERSTAND THAT MICROSOFT MAKES NO ASSURANCES THAT YOUR IDEAS AND MATERIALS WILL BE TREATED AS CONFIDENTIAL OR PROPRIETARY.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-247">IF, DESPITE OUR REQUEST THAT YOU NOT SEND US YOUR IDEAS AND MATERIALS, YOU STILL SEND THEM, PLEASE UNDERSTAND THAT MICROSOFT MAKES NO ASSURANCES THAT YOUR IDEAS AND MATERIALS WILL BE TREATED AS CONFIDENTIAL OR PROPRIETARY.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="17789-248">Except as expressly provided under these TOU, Microsoft does not grant you a licence or any other rights of any type under any patents, know-how, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks or other intellectual property owned or controlled by Microsoft or any related entity, including but not limited to any name, trade dress, logo or equivalents.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-248">Except as expressly provided under these TOU, Microsoft does not grant you a license or any other rights of any type under any patents, know-how, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks or other intellectual property owned or controlled by Microsoft or any related entity, including but not limited to any name, trade dress, logo or equivalents.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-249">If you give to Microsoft any idea, proposal, suggestion or feedback, including without limitation ideas for the Services, new products, technologies, promotions, product names, product feedback and product improvements ("Feedback"), you give to Microsoft, without charge, royalties or other obligation to you, the right to make, have made, create derivative works, use, share and commercialise your Feedback in any way and for any purpose.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-249">If you give to Microsoft any idea, proposal, suggestion or feedback, including without limitation ideas for the Services, new products, technologies, promotions, product names, product feedback and product improvements ("Feedback"), you give to Microsoft, without charge, royalties or other obligation to you, the right to make, have made, create derivative works, use, share and commercialize your Feedback in any way and for any purpose.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="17789-250">You will not give Feedback that is subject to a licence that requires Microsoft to license its software, technologies or documentation to any third party because Microsoft includes your Feedback in them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="17789-250">You will not give Feedback that is subject to a license that requires Microsoft to license its software, technologies or documentation to any third party because Microsoft includes your Feedback in them.</span></span>